# February 15, 2023 Meeting

Meeting convened at 08:30 Eastern / 13:30 UTC / 14:30 CET  
Meeting conducted via Google Meet

## Attendees

- Allison Matlack
- Ben Owens
- Heather Leson
- Heidi Hess von Ludewig
- Jimmy Sj√∂lund
- Jos Groen
- Ron McFarland
- Shabnoor Shah

## Housekeeping

* We're back! Again. First meeting since November 2022. At the moment, we don't have a "meeting maintainer" to keep these regular gatherings on track. It's been an [ongoing conversation](https://www.theopenorganization.community/t/volunteer-needed-for-ambassador-meeting-manager/348). Anyone interested should feel free to pick it up!
    * Jimmy will organize the monthly meetings going forward.

### Time for monthly meeting
Used to be every second Thursday of the month at 08:30 Eastern / 13:30 UTC / 14:30 CET.
Suggestion: Every second Wednesday of the month at 08:30 Eastern / 13:30 UTC / 14:30 CET
Suggested to set up Doodle. Maybe have two times and alternate.

### Social Media
Retire @OpenOrgProject on Twitter? Move to Mastodon? Or have Mastodon in parallell?
Any interest in Social Media Maintainer role?
How do we want to position ourselves?
- Dedicate time in the next Ambassador meeting

Discussion also moved into what do we want to accomplish as a community? Do/should we have a baseline of minimum expectation for activity?

### Update Ambassador roster
https://github.com/open-organization/governance/blob/master/community-roster.md is most likely not up to date.
- Jimmy will look into what came out of the governance discussions in 2022.
- Agenda item for the future on how grow the community and bridge gaps. Can we create an overview of other "open" communities and activities to reach out to, collaborate and co-create?
- How can we recruit ambassadors from Asia/Africa - consider our sustainability model as well as inclusive engagement

## Project Updates

### The Open Leadership Assessment
How to evolve and maintain? In the next session brainstorm how we go forward.
Could we do a pilot to test online with a few communities. Reasons - test use, socialize that organizations can use this for their open networks (Heather and Shabnoor - maybe to explore)

## Publication Updates

### Article archives
Bryan: I'm gradually migrating our entire article archive to GitHub so it's more accessible (and easier to maintain!). In our editorial project are [all new files](https://github.com/open-organization/editorial). Files needing migration are in [the Writing Center](https://www.theopenorganization.community/c/writing-article-planning/11).

### Opensource.com

February 09, 2023  
[3 types of leadership for open organizations](https://opensource.com/article/23/2/leadership-open-organizations) (by Len Dimaggio)

February 06, 2023  
[What's your community thinking pattern?](https://opensource.com/article/23/2/community-thinking-pattern) (by Ron McFarland)

January 19, 2023  
[Community thinking patterns and the role of the introducer-in-chief](https://opensource.com/article/23/1/community-leadership-introducer-chief) (by Ron McFarland)

### Open Org TV
[An Innovative Open Organization Chart](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kgnft8MkrKw) was released on Dec 22, 2022. Thanks Ron and Heidi for the conversation!

## Ambassador Updates
### Jimmy
Recorded, edited, and released the video above. Reviewed and updated the redirect for theopenorganization.tv pointing to our YouTube channel.

### Bryan
I have COVID. It sucks. But not as much as having to miss this meeting and not seeing you all. Update from me is that I am now a certified trainer in [TeamOps](https://about.gitlab.com/teamops/), GitLab's "flavor" of open organizational practice. This means that I'll soon get to facilitate workshops and trainings in open organizational practices. My goals are to 1) push GitLab to open source much more of its TeamOps material, and 2) get our internal community better connected to the Open Organization project. Of course there is significant overlap between the work we're all doing.

### Heather
I asked the Humanitarian OpenStreetMap Team's Community working group and Governance Working Group if we could do the Open Leadership Assessment. Waiting for confirmation. I have a meeting on Friday with teams to investigate further. 

### Ron
Ongoing articles on sharing economies. Studying on an upcoming article on local communities. Ron and Ben Cotton received an award from Opensource.com.

### Jos
- publishing a article about open practices for project managers, created for IPMA NL chapter.
- Talks with Bryan to create an update on the Open Leaders Manual, with an article of me and Shabnoor
- I've created three webinars for IPMA, which I can supply with subtitles for publishing in our community

## Post-meeting conversation

### Bryan | 2023-02-16 15:20:09 UTC

Sorry I couldn't be part of such a wonderful turnout. Best to you all and congrats on everything you're doing!
