# February 10, 2022 Meeting

Meeting convened at 09:00 Eastern / 14:00 UTC / 15:00 CET  
Meeting conducted via BlueJeans

## Attendees
- Jen Kelchner
- Ron McFarland
- Bryan Behrenshausen
- Jimmy Sj√∂lund

## Housekeeping

- Jen transitioning to emeritus community member; will work with anyone who'd like to maintain multimedia resources and run point on OpenOrgTV (please reach out if you're interested)

## Project Updates

### Governance analysis update from Jen

- Jen will publish a general summary of data collected in January for the team so criteria can be set for the next round of governance
- Six people attended the session and four people followed up by contributing written data for analysis and consideration
- Common themes: wanting a peer group; wanting to have a platform as a "go-to" expert; wanting to network and access new speaking engagements
-  Recommend first focus be developing criteria that define "active" and "inactive" ambassadors, as these haven't grown in a way that tracks with the new forms of contribution community members are able to make
-  Jen will compose a "final readout" and post it to our governance forum
-  [Gathered data sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OlOpsPb8m_PsV0-BuQHW2kQ9t7kjNpTEzaoCjbZy8KI/edit?usp=sharing) I've opened the document where I have split out the async comments that can be used to help determine direction and criteria.

### Audience analysis update from Ron

- Review of workshop on defining/describing "who we serve" as a community
- Results include seven sentences from community members
- Ron has been massaging those together into something that represents a composite picture of our target customer; 18 key words and phrases emerged as principal foci
- "OpenOrg Mentor Wanted" (one way to describe who we serve)
- Ultimate goal is to have something we can publish, either on wiki or website
- {Discussion of composite sentence}
- Ron has shared his materials; Ron and Bryan will open a discussion about this on Discourse so we can begin refining the final statement

### Website analysis update from Laura

- Bryan and Laura reviewed feedback from the productive community strategy session
- A new website is in the works; all are invited to help construct it

### Open leadership assessment update from Heidi

- Heidi leading an assessment initiative based on Open Leadership Definition
- We've begun meeting and it's going very well

## Ambassador Updates

### Jen Kelchner

- I'll be transitioning out of Ambassador & Maintainer roles this month.  You can learn more about [my why here](https://interchange.world/open-expanding-jen-kelchner-open-organization). Stay connected with me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/jenkelchner) and [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/jenkelchner).
- I'll be speaking at Red Hat Open Leadership CoP February 24th.
- I'll be adapting the Red Hat Government Leaders Guide to Culture Change for LATAM in the next month (I ghost wrote the NA and EMEA versions)

### Ron McFarland

- Working on a content plan for the year
- Wants to develop ideas for articles and videos, timeline/cadence for coming months
