# November 10, 2022 Meeting Notes

Meeting convened at 08:30 Eastern / 13:30 UTC / 14:30 CET 
Conducted via Google Meet

## Attendees

- Ron McFarland
- Heather Leson
- Laura Hilliger
- Jimmy Sjolund
- Bryan Behrenshausen
- Jos Groen
- Heidi Hess von Ludewig

## Housekeeping

* We're back! First meeting since June. At the moment, we don't have a "meeting maintainer" to keep these regular gatherings on track. It's been an [ongoing conversation](https://www.theopenorganization.community/t/volunteer-needed-for-ambassador-meeting-manager/348). Anyone interested should feel free to pick it up!

## Project Updates

### The Open Leadership Assessment

Update from Heidi: 

- The Assesssment is out, made public on GitHub. Thanks to the team! Feel free to use it. 
- Promotion was put on hold. Heidi and Shabnoor are clarifying rules of engagement inside Red Hat regarding the promotion
- Heidi and Shabnoor to meet with internal stakeholders tomorrow (2022-11-10) to discuss launch plans 
- Our community needn't pause work, needn't pause our own projects. We're pausing internal circulation within Red Hat to mitigate confusion.
- Ron's plan: working on tying current articles to the assessment to direct attention to it
- Question for Ron: are you making a "handout" version of the assessment? 
- Heather: let's play a game about open leadership at FOSSDEM (in February)

## Publication Updates

### Ron
I will update everyone on the articles I just posted and am writing. I can talk how I coordinate with the editors. I'm hoping the next two articles will lead to a video discussion on a newly designed organization chart concept which will tie in with what Heidi is working on regarding leadership assessment.

## Ambassador Updates

### Jimmy
Starting to plan and set up a Video discussion following Ron's article on *Team of Teams*. Anyone welcome to join the discussion on OpenOrgTV.

### Laura
Loads going on in the world of my work in open. Working with Sport England to help their entire network be more open, and have developed Open Badges for our principles. Blog post: https://blog.weareopen.coop/earning-badges-in-openness-295838efcc24 

Am also working with successful open projects like LocalGov Drupal and Passbolt to help increase community contribution and engagement. Best bet, follow https://blog.weareopen.coop to keep up with me :)

Also playing Assassin's Creed.

### Heather 
Let's organize a FOSDEM session: https://fosdem.org/2023/
- Action: heather [to set up](https://www.theopenorganization.community/c/speaking-conferences/10) in the messaging

### Bryan
Working on an open leadership workshop with Heidi to present at Government IT Symposium. We'll share our workshop materials with the community to build on.

### Jos
- Working on a new E-Book as an addition to the new chapter of the Leaders Manual. It is about the transformational journey I had as a general manager to transform from conventional to open practicing the characteristics.
- Keep giving talks, workshops and Management team interventions to organizations out in the Open putting in the Open leadership definition https://www.hbrd.eu/en/open-leadership/
- Giving an Open leadership workshop for project managers on the IPMA - dutch summit. I've been asked to create a leadership community at IPMA NL too. Don't know if I'm doing it...

