# March 14, 2024 Meeting
Meeting convened at 13:30 UTC / 08:30 Eastern / 14:30 CET  
Meeting conducted via Google Meet  
(No recording this month)

## Attendees
- Jimmy Sjolund
- Bryan Behrenshausen
- Ron McFarland
- Jim Hall
- Heidi Hess von Ludewig
- Jos Groen


## Housekeeping
### LinkedIn
Jimmy: Could we agree on phrasing on LinkedIn when writing as Open Organization? Use "we" or the name of the person instead of "I"? It's a bit confusing reading some posts when it refers to "I" but you don't know who that person is. 

What "voice" and tone do we write in when posting as an Admin in the OpenOrg accounts on social media?
- use "we" to represent the collective group 
- if a specific member is highlighted, then can use their name directly (personally writing about oneself means writing about yourself in the third person). for example, if Jimmy posts about an event he is speaking at he would say "our own Jimmy Sjolund is speaking at the blah blah"

Bryan: Something to discuss in future: Twitter/X, do we want to stay there? Should we open an account on another platform (maybe a more open one?). We could launch and give ambassadors access to post, manage it as a group (see below!)


## Project Updates
### Future use of Discourse (for reference from past meetings)
Async vote to move from Discourse to GitHub Discussions passed 10/12 YES. Jimmy and Bryan looking into how to best set it up, how to structure, and possible migration from Discourse.

Our Discourse subscription will expire 2024-04-29.

- Historically, the idea behind Discourse was to have a place for community building and disucssion, some place that was accessible to non-technical community members as a place to collaborate on writing, ideas, etc.
- Red Hat is paying for Discourse ($1200/year), and we have no indication whether they'll continue or not.
- GitHub Discussions have evolved and the functionality we use in Discourse are available.
- Should we move our Meeting Notes from HedgeDoc to GitHub as well?
  - Bryan: I think so. If I have time, I will start doing this. How far "back" would you like me to go?
      - Jimmy: As the public meeting notes are on Discourse and we (most likely) will copy them to GitHub Discussions, I assume we only need to start using GitHub from next meeting?
  - Bryan: I created a [`meeting-notes`](https://github.com/open-organization/governance/tree/master/meeting-notes) folder in the [`governance`](https://github.com/open-organization/governance) project on GitHub, and began placing dated meeting notes files in there, reverse chronologically
  - Bryan: All assistance with this is welcome as we migrate in advance of our deadline

### Discussion: 
- how do we manage discourse before the migration? someone has been engaging in the tool so do we need to lock it down? Jimmy suggests migrating sections and then locking down Discourse and linking to the GitHub Discussions spot 
- can post we are migrating 2-3wks out to the social media community in case others are getting notifications
- GitHub/governance/meeting-notes will have the backups of notes. We have notes to 2016  
- Jimmy suspects it might be possible to archive/backup the entire Discourse site and will check into it more


### Next steps: 
- discuss how far back we want to go to backup our discourse stuff
- Bryan to continue slowly migration 
- Heidi to create a taskforce meeting to discuss and clarify plans 

## Publication Updates



## Ambassador Updates
### Jimmy
Discussed Discourse with Red Hat OSPO and agreed to let the forum expire at the end of April.
Will start looking into using Jitsi for our meetings instead of Google Meet.

### Jim Hall
jim@hallmentum.com or jhall@freedos.org
Publishing on his two sites: 
- https://coachingbuttons.com/
- https://technicallywewrite.com/
- Ideating on a e-book on leadership from articles published on coaching buttons 

### Jos Groen
hallo@josgroen.com
- Ready with his chapter for the Leadership Manual, possible share with Jim 

### Ron McFarland
- has posted links to articles since 2016 on Open Org LinkedIn
- published 3 new articles with Jim
- https://coachingbuttons.com/2024/02/26/sociallyresponsible 
- https://coachingbuttons.com/2024/03/04/globalresponsibility 
- https://coachingbuttons.com/2024/03/11/envisionmovie -- recommends an idea for movie that sounds a lot like normal life in a corporation, ideates on having a workplace and business/corp that is not run by profit driven vampires 
- https://coachingbuttons.com/2024/01/15/globalization 
- https://coachingbuttons.com/2024/01/22/newapproach


## Upcoming discussions and tasks
 1. X, the former twitter? do we want to continue using or maybe mastodon
 2. using an open source meeting thingy like https://meet.jit.si/
 
